Simple and understandable task.
Defend the base for 10 minutes.
Only, or certainly understandable?
The eastern flank has been cleaned.
The enemy does not have a single vehicle there.
In contrast, the western flank falls. So what to do?
Return to the base immediately.
Well, unless you're brainless ...
... a red-orange monkey.
At Dicker Max, KV-1 or M5A1 Stuart.
This is the way, even if a man would double and fight ...
... by the decision of three idiots, he loses the battle.
It's now on the other leg.
It will hurt even more.
Three in the battle of the fours. Standard.
In the previous battle there were 3 bezmózgie apes.
There will be 11 of them.
The center fell.
But I do not care about absolutely none ...
... from the remaining 11 monkeys.
You could see on the minimap ...
... how the T-28 trots to the base. Hetzer is behind him.
But what is a minimap?
Well, theoretically. Let's consider options.
Two enemies at the base. What can you do NOW ...
... if the debile missed the last 40 seconds?
a) enter 3 into the enemy base
b) enter the enemy base in 3, and let the quickest ones return after decap
c) there is no option c)
Monkeys prove that there is option c).
This is how serial killers are born.